#Assumptions
1. Disambiguation pages: If 75% of the links on a page contain a word that matches the title of the page, assume that this is a disambiguation page and discard all links into and out of the page. Disambiguation pages do not indicate an association consistent with the goals of six_degrees. If a disambiguation page is loaded, save the page with
  1. an identifier that marks it as a disambiguation page, so that it's not constantly reloaded from Wikipedia
  2. no inbound or outbound links
2. Fake-hub: Some pages (e.g. _wife_) will provide a fake-hub, providing links between pages that would not normally be linked, other than through this intermediate hub. Unlike disambiguation pages Wikipedia provides no mechanisms to detect fake-hubs. We will assume that a page with an inbound link count that is more than 200% of the outbound links from that page is a fake-hub, and will eliminate links that occur only through that page (links into and links out of the page still count; just links through are eliminated). A run-time option can be used to adjust the threshold for fake-hub detection. 
3. The date the page was most recently loaded from Wikipedia is saved in the Entry struct. If the page is more than 3 months old, then there is a 1% chance that it wil be reloaded rather than read from cache (pick random number from 0..99 and reload the page if the number is zero). This will result in a gradual maintenance of the pages, with the more common pages more likely to be refreshed.